Q: What are Poppy Kids Pediatric Dentistry business hours?
A: Poppy Kids is open Monday to Thursday from 8:30 am until 5 pm. 

Q: What makes us different and unique? Why choose us? Why choose Poppy Kids?
A: At Poppy Kids Pediatric Dentistry, we specialize in creating happy and healthy smiles for infants, children, and teens in a supportive and friendly environment. Dr. Andrea Aduna strives to provide individualized, high-quality dental care for each patient. As a specialized boutique practice, we believe in building relationships with each patient that promote positivity and lifelong oral health.

Q: What is your mission? What is your dentistry philosophy?
A: Excellence in Care: Give each patient the highest quality of pediatric dental care using the latest technology and advancements in pediatric dentistry. Building Trust: Focus on the practice of dentistry as a unique experience that builds relationships with our patients, their families, and the community. Joyful Dental Journeys: We provide happy dental experiences and to help develop healthy habits for lifelong oral health. We use the best materials available, individually tailored to each child. Going to the dentist should be fun! Comfort & Enjoyment: Dr.Andrea and her team create a comfortable and enjoyable environment for children and their families.

Q: Where to find us?
A: Discover Poppy Kids Pediatric Dentistry in the heart of Novato, located at 450 Ignacio Blvd within the welcoming Pacheco Plaza. Whether approaching from the north or south, easily access our clinic from US-101 by taking exit 459 toward Ignacio Blvd/Bel Marin Keys Blvd. We're just a brief journey from the exit and offer ample parking for your convenience.

Q: How do I contact the doctor? How can I book an appointment? How can I schedule a visit?
A: Contact us at (415) 408-5775 or schedule one online at https://dental4.me/poppykids/1.

Q: Do you accept new patients?
A: Yes, we are currently accepting new patients. Here is our contact page: https://www.poppykidsdental.com/contact